Adding link to FLM tutorial (#371)
open-contracting/infrastructure: docs/guidance/publishing.md

```{tip}
The [OC4IDS Field-Level Mapping Template](https://www.open-contracting.org/resources/oc4ids-field-level-mapping-template/) can be used to document your mapping.

> For guidance on using the mapping template, you can refer to the [OC4IDS 
> Field-Level Mapping Template Tutorial](https://www.open-contracting.org/resources/oc4ids-field-level-mapping-template-tutorial/). 

Reviewer: Remove erroneous linebreak. Copy-edit for brevity.

```suggestion
To learn how to use the mapping template, see the [tutorial](https://www.open-contracting.org/resources/oc4ids-field-level-mapping-template-tutorial/).
```
